README.md, before:

# freeprompt 🚀

A hassle-free setup to test LLM API for free

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/e2bfd1f9-b705-4034-b96a-498b42a4871c/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/freeprompt/deploys)

[Live Demo ⚡](https://freeprompt.netlify.app/)

## Image classification with Gen AI (Gemini):

Is it possible to upload a file (limited to 1MB in size) and get a description of it.

![Previes](doc/preview.png)

## Why Gemini AI? 🤖
Because compared to other LLMs in the market, it still provides API access without any payment method setup. There are naturally limitations, but if you want to start testing GenAI API integration, this is a possible method.

The implementation is totally TypeScript-based. To have secure access to the API, a [BFF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frontend_and_backend#Software_definitions) adopting Netlify serverless functions is used.
Why Netlify and their serverless functions? Because again, they are free and easy to set up.

![Image Processing Architecture](doc/sequence-diagram.png)

## Requirements 📋

- [Volta](https://volta.sh/)
- A Google Account
- Google API Key for Gemini AI (https://ai.google.dev/ and https://aistudio.google.com/apikey)
- Netlify Account (https://app.netlify.com/)
- Netlify CLI (https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/)

## Setup 🛠️

1. Install dependencies:
    ```sh
    yarn
    ```

2. Create a new website on Netlify:
    ```sh
    netlify init
    ```
    Connect to the above-created website.

## Running Locally 🏠

To run the webapp locally (but without the serverless functions):
```sh
yarn dev
```

To run the webapp without the serverless functions enabled (this starts netlify locally)
```sh
yarn start
```


## Deploying to Production 🚀

To deploy a production build to Netlify Website:
```sh
yarn deploy
```

Commit message:

Refine prompt Fix style Update Readme

README.md, after:

# freeprompt 🚀

A hassle-free setup to test LLM API for free

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/e2bfd1f9-b705-4034-b96a-498b42a4871c/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/freeprompt/deploys)

[Live Demo ⚡](https://freeprompt.netlify.app/)

## Image classification with Gen AI (Gemini):

Is it possible to upload a file (limited to 1MB in size) and get a classification of it. The prompt adopts [few-shots technique](https://www.promptingguide.ai/techniques/fewshot).

![Previes](doc/preview.png)

## Why Gemini AI? 🤖
Because compared to other LLMs in the market, it still provides API access without any payment method setup. There are naturally limitations, but if you want to start testing GenAI API integration, this is a possible method.

The implementation is totally TypeScript-based. To have secure access to the API, a [BFF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frontend_and_backend#Software_definitions) adopting Netlify serverless functions is used.
Why Netlify and their serverless functions? Because again, they are free and easy to set up.

![Image Processing Architecture](doc/sequence-diagram.png)

## Requirements 📋

- [Volta](https://volta.sh/)
- A Google Account
- Google API Key for Gemini AI (https://ai.google.dev/ and https://aistudio.google.com/apikey)
- Netlify Account (https://app.netlify.com/)
- Netlify CLI (https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/)

## Setup 🛠️

1. Install dependencies:
    ```sh
    yarn
    ```

2. Create a new website on Netlify:
    ```sh
    netlify init
    ```
    Connect to the above-created website.

## Running Locally 🏠

To run the webapp locally (but without the serverless functions):
```sh
yarn dev
```

To run the webapp without the serverless functions enabled (this starts netlify locally)
```sh
yarn start
```


## Deploying to Production 🚀

To deploy a production build to Netlify Website:
```sh
yarn deploy
```
